feat: usePagination (#39)
dwarvesf/react-toolkit: docs/pages/hooks/use-pagination.mdx

---
title: usePagination
package: '@dwarvesf/react-hooks'

> description: 'A React hook that provides methods for manipulating pages'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'A React hook that manages pagination state'
```

---

> `usePagination` is a custom hook that provides methods for manipulating pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`usePagination` is a custom hook that provides methods for managing pagination state.
```
